You can't smile, why are you here?
You guys can't laugh, you want you and teach anymore?
The news wife that ended well and yesterday’s teacher Nogami,
Do you believe it or not if you cry? It makes you cry. What else?
Tell him to be strong, but,
This means it’s over. Does it mean there’s a charge?
Today is my happy day,
If you don’t want to be happy, don’t practice much!
However, you two don’t understand Wen Hua Shi,
Let me tell you, no matter what the problem is, just listen to me.
Or should I say, you two are more capable than him?
You didn't, you didn't, you didn't
This matter is the fault of Madam Shou
It’s okay if this matter is what Ms. Yang meant.
Why did someone let him go?
Nothing more than this
This is nothing for us
I fought so many things
I can't do this
You treat me so lowly
I have so many things to do
I didn't hurt you
You're wearing a piece of clothing that's a crime